# Challenge 3: Instructions

Tom Nook helps his villagers whenever they need it. This time, it's your turn to help a villager out: by fixing Fauna's phone! 

1. Fauna phone's screen broke! Add a <p> tag with the id "input" at the start of the #phone div, this will act as phone screen
2. The buttons aren't working either! Add on click event listeners to each of the buttons that do the following:
    - number buttons should add to the textContent of the #input see an example in the javascript file
    - Optional Challenge: back button should remove the last number of the textContent typed using string manipulation 
    (Hint: use .substring() and .length)
3. All the buttons should be working except the call button, when you click on the call button the following should happen in the call function:
    - hide the #phone by adding the .hidden class
    - show the #response by removing the .hidden class

**Nice job so far! At this point you should be able to click on the buttons and it should show up in the #input and press call should hide the #phone and show the #response**

4. Almost there, whenever you call someone it should change the content in the #response depending on who you are calling. So the number 1234 should connect to one villager and 5432 should connect to another. Change the content of the #response based on the number that was dialed:
    - Grab the textContent of #input 
    - Access the contact variable that contains information about the villager with that contact using bracket notation (ex. if the textContent of #input is 1234 access their information by doing contact["1234"])
    - Change the #response p textContent to the message of villager you are calling
    - Change the #response img src to the photo of villager you are calling
    - Try various numbers in the contact variable to see how you can access other villagers

5. Lastly, Add an on click event listener to the #end-btn to end the call with the villager by hiding the #response (adding the .hidden class) and removing the .hidden class from the #phone

6. Call this number: 1234 and press completed tasks. If you correctly completed all the tasks it should reveal the passcode